hi I'm SVA prakaran in this one let's
understand clearly the bayian
optimization method for hyperparameter
tuning now you know hyper parameter
tuning is a key step in machine learning
model building but it can be quite
time-taking so we will understand
everything about ban optimization
specifically okay but to be clear let's
quickly revise what is hyper parameter
tuning in the first place so that
everything will make sense and fall in
place this is how a machine learning
model building happens say you have the
features and the variable that you want
to pred X and Y respectively this you
have in your data the data is split into
training data set on which the model
will be actually trained then you will
do the prediction on validation data set
which has not been shown to the model
during training right so you will do the
prediction so X and Y from the train is
passed to the ml model this is the
training process okay you get the
predictions on the validation data set
the Y hat then you compare the Y hat
against the actual y from the validation
data set from that to compute the error